Added doc for Ruby Sigv4 (#2089)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _clients/ruby.md

response = client.indices.delete(index: index_name)

puts MultiJson.dump(response, pretty: "true")
```

# Ruby AWS Sigv4 Client

> The [opensearch-aws-sigv4](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-ruby/tree/main/opensearch-aws-sigv4) gem provides us with `OpenSearch::Aws::Sigv4Client` class, which has all features of `OpenSearch::Client`. The only difference between these 2 clients is that `OpenSearch::Aws::Sigv4Client` requires an instance of `Aws::Sigv4::Signer` during instantiation to authenticate with AWS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [opensearch-aws-sigv4](https://github.com/opensearch-project/opensearch-ruby/tree/main/opensearch-aws-sigv4) gem provides the `OpenSearch::Aws::Sigv4Client` class, which has all features of `OpenSearch::Client`. The only difference between these two clients is that `OpenSearch::Aws::Sigv4Client` requires an instance of `Aws::Sigv4::Signer` during instantiation to authenticate with AWS:
```
